CakephpEasyGrid - Easily add and edit databaes tables without a database manager
===============
This is a simple to use Cakephp scaffolding addition that allows you to add and edit table rows without having to go to phpmyadmin.  It allows for faster prototyping because you can enter and edit rows quickly into your database.



Cakehp Files
=========

EasyGridScaffold.php

This is an subclass of the controller Scaffold class.  It contains methods to handle CRUD requests from the Extjs Grid.  The grid is generated by the 'grid' request


AppModel.php

This contains all the funtions that each model must have in order to be able to send model infromation to the Extjs front end.  This will be replaced with a cakephp behavior so that AppModel.php doesn't have to be modified

grid.ctp

This is the view used by the EasyGridSaccfold class.  Add this to your app/View/Scaffolds/ folder

Javascript Files
===============
@todo

Installation instructions
=========================
Add AppModel.php to you Model folder or add the functions to your excisting AppModel.php file  //need to change this to a behavior instead of in AppModel

Add grid.ctp to your /app/View/Scaffolds folder

Add EasyGridScaffold.php to your /app/Controller/ folder

you must add the following to every controller that you want to use scaffolding.  These can also be done by adding these to the AppController.php file.

	public $scaffold;
	protected function _getScaffold(CakeRequest $request) {
		return new EasyGridScaffold($this, $request);
	}
	
@todo ext installation as this requires extjs
@todo other js file instatllion 


Improvments
==========
todo: move AppModel functions to a behavior.  This will make integration easier
todo: refactor front end improve performance
todo: improve backend performace.  All the model information that is used by the front end should be cached on the server, instead of querying every time a /grid page is loaded






